docs(applications): add Common issues and Next sections to deploy guide (#3128)
devopness/devopness: docs/docs/applications/deploy-application.md

- For details on how to make an application public, follow the instructions in [/docs/virtual-hosts/add-virtual-host].

:::

## Common issues

> - Deploy fails at `Get source from Git repository` but a new release directory for the current deploy appears in `~/$APP_NAME/releases/`: SSH into the server and inspect that release to identify the failing post-clone sub-step

Reviewer: @Hauckjf loved the idea of a `Common issues` section. A few suggestions:

### SSH into servers should be a last resource, only after attempting everything that can be done using Devopness web app

Perhaps instead of suggesting "SSH into the server" we could instruct users to double check the application configuration, specially the `root directory` ("working dir")? 

### Motivation
Among the many benefits of using Devopness, a few of them are:
- users are empowered and able to manage applications and trigger deployments from anywhere, including a mobile phone, where using SSH and the command line is not very convenient
- users must feel free to not be attached to a computer. Usually other developer tools would require you to access servers to check deployment logs, to pull new changes from a repo, etc, and of those operations would require a user to use a computer pre-authorized to SSH into a remote server (with SSH private keys in place). Devopness want to bring happiness and freedom of movement. Fewer situations will really require a Devopness user to SSH into a server, and application deployment debugging should not be one of them :-) 
- Devopness documentation intents to be friendly and welcome also for non-technical users. Many of them never SSH-ed into a server before, so if we decide to suggest that option, fine, but should be a "last resource" and not the first attempt to fix the issue.

What do you think?

Author: You're right. The SSH suggestion didn't account for the audience these docs are written for, especially the mobile and non-technical users your point covers. Rewrote this entry to start with the application "Root directory" check (the most common cause), then the source provider credential check, and reading the logs as the next step. SSH is no longer mentioned in this section. Applied in b97487f.

> - Deploy keeps failing after retries with the same step marked Failed: confirm the source provider credential is active; for SSH credentials, verify the deploy key is authorized for the repository, and for token or app credentials, verify repository access and permissions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy keeps failing after retries with the same step marked Failed
1. Read the logs of the failed action step
2. Check if the errors require updating your application `build command` or `install dependencies` command
3. Make sure the source provider credential used by the application is still active, and has valid permissions to read the application repository 
```

@Hauckjf Devopness does not require a `deploy key`, we connect to users git repo using the specific auth mechanism chosen by the user when connecting a source provider (GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, etc).

So I believe the troubleshooting section should focus only on what is really required from the user.

Author: The auth mechanism clarification makes sense, the deploy key wording was inaccurate for the way Devopness connects to the source provider. Applied your suggested numbered structure verbatim (logs → build/install commands → source provider credential), focusing only on what's actually required from the user. Applied in b97487f.

> - The "Configured by Devopness! 🚀" landing page is still served after a deploy: verify the virtual host is linked to the application, its document root points to the public files, and the virtual host changes were deployed

Reviewer: Maybe break the analysis in a numbered list, to make it easier to follow along?

```suggestion
### App was deployed, but I still see "Configured by Devopness! 🚀" landing page

1. Make sure the application has a virtual host linked to it, to make your application publicly accessible via IP address or your own subdomain
2. Ensure virtual host document root directoty points to the application public files, e.g. `public` or `build` folders
3. Deploy the virtual host or simply deploy the application again after your changes
```

Author: Agreed, easier to scan. Broke the entry into 3 numbered steps (virtual host link → document root → deploy/redeploy). 
Applied in b97487f.

## Next

> - Configure how your app is reached over the network: [Add Virtual Host](/docs/virtual-hosts/add-virtual-host)

Reviewer: Network is a bit technical for non technical users. As virtual hosts are only required for applications that are publicly accessible over the internet, maybe instead of ~network~ we could refer to a specific network type, the `internet`? :-) 
```suggestion
- Configure how your app is reached over the internet: [Add Virtual Host](/docs/virtual-hosts/add-virtual-host)
```

Author: Agreed, more accurate. Changed `network` to `internet` in the `Next` section. Applied in b97487f.
